docs: Add L2 Pod Announcements docs (#26517)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/l2-announcements.rst

.. note::
   Since this feature has no IPv6 support yet, only ARP messages are sent, no 
   Unsolicited Neighbor Advertisements are sent.

.. _l2_pod_announcements:

************************************
L2 Pod Announcements

> ************************************

Reviewer: You're formatting this as a top-level title, at the same level as the page title. It would probably look more consistent to have just one such title on the page, have you considered decreasing the level? If it should be top-level, should it be on its own page?

Author: Good point, I've reduced the level.

> L2 Pod Announcements allows for announcing Pod IP addresses on the L2
> network using Gratuitous ARP replies. When enabled, the node will
> transmit Gratuitous ARP replies for every locally created pod, on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
L2 Pod Announcements announce Pod IP addresses on the L2
network using Gratuitous ARP replies. When enabled, the node
transmits Gratuitous ARP replies for every locally created pod, on the
```
